{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 How to read:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Abstract Intro Methods Conclusions Models?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Look for:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Purpose\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Thesis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Methods\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab Results\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 5.\tx360\tab Unanswered Questions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 6.\tx360\tab Impact on Thesis Proposal\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Brain drain and economic growth: theory and evidence\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Theoretical paper but provides some interesting results\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Focuses on the impact of migration prospects on creation of human capital in small, open developing economy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab people invest in education to successfully migrate because of higher returns abroad\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Beneficial Brain Drain (BBD): Average level of human capital is higher in the economy with emigration opportunities than not\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Determing the theoretical impact of migration on human capital for countries that are a source for immigrants\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Countries that are a source for immigrants foster an environment in that source country that raises the average lvel of human capital in such country vs those who are not sources for migration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Although mostly theoretical, for empirical data the model uses cross-sectional data (a type of data collected by observing many subjects at the one point or period of time.) to measure migration rate, growth rate of gdp per capita, and education level as independent vairables.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab to determine migration rate, the model regresses: GDP per person of country measured / OECD countries mean - population - public expenditures in education % of gdp\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The first relationship, implied by Eq. (3), establishes a positive link between migration opportunities and the proportion of young individuals who decide to invest in education. (282)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab estimated in logs by OLS\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab to determine education level, the model regresses: - migration rate, migration rate multiplied by adummy variable that is 1 if GDP/person is less than 15% of the average GDP/person in G7 countries, and positive on public expenditures in education % of gdp\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The second relationship that can be estimated is derived from Eq. (5) and states that the growth rate is positively linked to the share of educated people and negatively affected by migration flows. (282)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab estimated in logs by OLS\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab to determine growth rate in gdp per capita, the model regresses: - migration rate, education level, and workers remittances % of GDP (money sent back from another country)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab estimated in levels The countries in sample are: Algeria, Bangladesh, Brazil, China, Colombia, Cuba, Cyprus, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Salvador, Fiii, Ghana, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hong Kong, India, Iraq, Iran, Jamaica, Kenya, Lebanon, Malaysia, Mexico, Morocco, Nigeria, Pakistan, Philippines, South Africa, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Surinam, Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab The Migration rate is positive and significant in correlating migrations and wage differentials. The R-squared for determining education level is high and the coefficient for the migration rate when multiplied by a dummy variable is positive and highly significant. Per the article, this means that an incetive effect of migration prospects cant be dismissed on empirical grounds. Referred to as poorly estimated, the OLS regression for growth rate for gdp per capita displayed a positive link between human capital improvements and growth in gdp per capita. Poeple may migrate more when investments in education is higher in their home country\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Brain Drain or Brain Bank? The Impact of Skilled Emigration on Poor-Country Innovation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Brain Drains and Brain Gains: Causes, Consequences, Policy\par}
